[DEVICE] Adding ability to choose unroll factor at runtime (#1734)
ROCm/rccl: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* Added new GPU target `gfx950`.
* Added support for `unroll=1` in device-code generation to improve performance.
* Set a default of 112 channels for a single node with `8 * gfx950`.
* Enabled LL128 protocol on `gfx950`.

> * Adding ability to choose unroll factor at runtime via `RCCL_UNROLL_FACTOR`.  This can be set at runtime to 1, 2 or 4.  This change currently increases compilation and linking time due to triple the number of kernels generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding ability to choose unroll factor at runtime via `RCCL_UNROLL_FACTOR`.  This can be set at runtime to 1, 2, or 4.  This change currently increases compilation and linking time because it triples the number of kernels generated.
```

Reviewer 2: The Oxford comma...
